apps/client/src/app/core/README.md, before:

# Sample structure for a Feature

## `components`

This directory include all presentation components for this Feature

## `constants`

This directory include all constants (routes config) for this Feature

## `containers`

This directory include all smart components for this Feature

## `models`

This directory include all model stuff for this Feature

## `modules`

This directory include all NgModule (or pages to support lazy load) for this Feature

## `services`

This directory include all services for this Feature

## `interceptors` - optional

This directory include all interceptors for this Feature

## `directives` - optional

This directory include all directives for this Feature

## `validators` - optional

This directory include all validator functions/directives for this Feature

## `states` - optional

This directory include all state managerment stuff for this Feature

## `utils` - optional

This directory include all other stuff like some utilities function for this Feature

Commit message:

hotfix(app): add missing pipes

apps/client/src/app/core/README.md, after:

# Sample structure for a Feature

## `components`

This directory include all presentation components for this Feature

## `constants`

This directory include all constants (routes config) for this Feature

## `containers`

This directory include all smart components for this Feature

## `models`

This directory include all model stuff for this Feature

## `modules`

This directory include all NgModule (or pages to support lazy load) for this Feature

## `services`

This directory include all services for this Feature

## `interceptors` - optional

This directory include all interceptors for this Feature

## `directives` - optional

This directory include all directives for this Feature

## `pipes` - optional

This directory include all pipes for this Feature

## `validators` - optional

This directory include all validator functions/directives for this Feature

## `states` - optional

This directory include all state managerment stuff for this Feature

## `utils` - optional

This directory include all other stuff like some utilities function for this Feature
